SnakesAndLaddersVOA

Snakes and Ladders game is implemented to play with computer and multiplayer mode .
Every effort is considered to make the game instruction driven and user friendly.
Game Implementation plan :

Game consists of two major modules : 1)MainBoard.scala 2)Dice.scala with case classes Snake Ladder Player class extends the Dice -> User interactions are throw die Most of the functionality is written in MainBoard class , the implementation is interactive throw reading the user inputs

1.Initially user Instruction are displayed on the console to start playing the game (Rules and Regulations) 2.User is Initially has option to choose mode single(with computer) or multiuser mode 3. When the user selects the option ,The players profiles are initialised and game will be started 4.Any abnormal events are handled by exiting the current Operation ,to start the Game again 5.players will be given each a throw to determine who start first . 6.After Initialising the players it enters into playGame(players) method with players as List of parameter. 7.Positions of Snakes and Ladders have been initialised to List of their generic type. 8.While game is in progress players position is continuously polled for if they reach 100 th square ,this is as conditional input for the players to try throwing the die . turns are pre decided as said in step5 . 9.When a perticular player reaches 100 th square the game ends and game exits with status code 0. 10.While the game is in progress the current position of a player is checked against the snake start position and ladder start position and and updated accordingly. 11.Game has no time frame to finish , The game can be played be any number of players 12.Each die throw will result 1 to 6 inclusive 13.If a die throw result in snake bit , the message will be displayed to console and his updated position is also shown 14.If a die throw result in ladder climb , the message will be displayed to the console and his updated position is also seen . 